WP5 leader:

Focus this year has been on finalizing the setups for the WP1 sites
for M5_3 and D5_3, as well as for use in scenarios in WP6.  Compared
to earlier years, this year more focus was on the crop calibration.
Also, initial setup files for the 2005 experiments were required
earlier.  A soil and crop parameterization for use in WP6 was to be
delivered by all WP1 sites by 2005-11-15, and the final soil and crop
parameterization was to be delivered by 2005-12-31.  

These deadlines were mostly meet.  As decided the previous year,
Partner 6 took over crop calibration for partner 8, and partner 10
visited partner 4 in order to help with the crop calibration.  At a
modelling workshop in Udine, partner 1 and 10 provided support in
calibrating Daisy for the remaining partners.

Several draft of D5_3 have been uploaded to the FertOrgaNic homepage,
and we are likely to meet M5_3 by delivering D5_3 on schedule.

Partner 10:

Research:

WP3 and WP4: 

Partner 10 have participated in the development of the DSS rules,
along with partner 1 and partner 5. Partner 10 also hosted a DSS
workshop with participation of partner 1 and 5.

WP5:

Partner 10 has provided email support for the other partners for
creating the final site and crop specific Daisy calibrations
(milestone MP5_3).  Partners 10 also helped the remaining partners
during the Udine workshop, and visited partner 4 for a week helping
them do an initial calibration of their setup.  Partner 10 also did
all the calibration work for the Partner 2, with the help of a master
student.

During the second half of the period, focus has been meeting M5_3.  In
the start by developing facilities for Daisy for generating large
amount of plots and tables comparing simulated and measured numbers,
and latter for using these facilities for generating plots comparing
all comparable numbers from the databases and simulations.  These
plots have been organized into a report, together with the general
information on the project, the WP1 data, the calibration process and
the results.  This report will evolve into D5_3, and a number of
drafts have been uploaded to the FertOrgaNic web site.

Partner 10 has also continued to improve the Daisy software based on
problems encountered, and to organize the setups delivered by the
partners in a common structure, and uploading this to the FertOrgaNic
site.

WP6:

Partner 10 constructed (consulting with partner 1 and 7) a series of
scenarios for use in WP6, send out requests for information from the
WP1 sites, organized this information, modified Daisy to be able to
run using this information, wrote a Daisy setup for running all the
scenarios, and taught partner 7 how to use this setup.

