The purpose of the article is to explore three simple ways to use
already installed capacity probes to estimate root zone drainage.  The
major scientific problem with the article is that these three ways are
not compared with any more reliable method, so they can only be
compared with each other.

The first method use the capacity probes together with potential
evapotranspiration and rain to make a water balance.  The second
method uses Darcy's equation between two points of measurements above
and below the bottom of the root zone.  The third method use the
probes to estimate the field capacity, and let drainage occur when
water content is FC above the field capacity.

The two later methods gave similar results, and the authors believe
they are worth examining further.

The paper is only 5 pages including references, so many details have
to be omitted.  

The apparent field capacity is estimated from a visual inspection of
figure 1.  It is not clear why a visual inspection of that figure
would give the apparent field capacity shown.  My initial estimate
would be closer to 15% than to 25%.  But I don't know the soil, the
depth of the probes, or the estimated transpiration in the period.

Figure 2 and 3 are not that interesting, Darcy's equation is a
function of both the pressure gradient and the water content, and it
is thus not a big surprise that it correlates to the water content.
And the leaching function has water input as a factor, so again the
correlation input is not really surprising.  So the two figures can be
omitted.

Instead, add information about the soil profile (especially texture),
and a new figure showing precipitation, irrigation, potential
evapotranspiration and perhaps LAI over the same period as figure 1.
If space permits, graphs showing dynamic draininge for the two later
methods would also be informative.

...

Quality of science: 2

Importance of science: 2

New or novel: 2

Easily readable/clear: 4

...

Accept with the following (minimum) revisions:

1) Soil profile information.

2) Depth of probes in figure 1.

3) A precise definition of the "leaching fraction".

4) Make it clear whether or not the faith in the two later method is
   based solely on the fact that they give similar results.
